-Whoa.
-Sorry.
Ciara. are you from here?
I moved to Boston
about a week ago for work.
So. do you like secrets?
I think secrets
are fucking destructive.
Dan?
I don't know. I think I'm doing it again.
And I don't know what's gonna happen
if you don't pick up the fucking phone!
Meet anybody?
You don't have to tell me
if you don't want to.
No. why wouldn't I tell you?
'Cause whoever he is.
he's not good for you.
and you don't want to hear about it.
BPD transfer.
possible homicide at The Crossings.
Seaport at Boston Wharf.
Decomp coming out of number 11.
too strong for an animal.
-Who lives in apartment 11?
-No one knows.
I'm just warning you to be careful.
He's not who you think he is.
Yes. he is.
I'm Ciara.
Hi. I'm Ciara Wyse.
Yeah. I just moved to Boston
a week ago for-for my work.
There's this. um.
this place that does
really great cocktails.
Give me your phone.
We should meet there.
6:30. Westbury Bar?
Yeah. that works for me.
See you there.
Funny.
Check it out.
Alison has been
Marie Kondo-ing our garage.
Your dad and I had those made
for Spring Fling when we were
co-presidents of SAE.
Wow. That sounds like fun.
That's one word for it.
You know. at the memorial.
when we wrote down
our memories about him
and sent them up in the lanterns?
Mine was about the 20-foot bong
he built up the side of the staircase.
And it wasn't just PVC.
He had to have borosilicate glass.
I mean. only the best for him. right?
Yeah.
He ever teach you?
No. Nah. I mean... no.
Come on. come on. Let's try it.
-Really?
-Toss it over.
Okay. you know? Just pop it off your knee.
pop it off the inside of your foot.
Just like that...
-Perfect. Love it. What?
-Whoa. Ugh.
Okay.
I talked to the M.E.
She said she's gonna
prioritize the autopsy.
Good luck with that.
This body is in a hundred pieces.
What is... what is that?
Bleach? Oven cleaner?
Both.
Go look for the ID.
It's not in here.
Hey. you find a wallet.
credit card. anything with a name on it?
No. but...
look what was by the bed.
What do you think that is?
TNT? Liquid X?
Murder One?
Dance fever?
Look at that. Lot number's still on it.
Gotta be better than running the tox.
We got a hashtag.
"Crime at The Crossings."
Keep an eye on the comments.
see if anyone knows who lived here.
Yeah.
A woman who wears a size
seven and a half shoe.
Might be helpful if the body had feet.
I don't know. s-something
about the stuff here.
feels like it doesn't belong.
It's cheap. Temporary.
Maybe it's a sublet?
Nah. nah. the guy in that main bedroom.
it doesn't look like he needs the money.
Does this looks like
it could be her handwriting?
"Beef with broc. shrimp wontons.
tom gai... "Don't even know what that was.
"Chicken fried rice."
Think it's for one or two people?
Two. unless it's you.
She kept this ticket to the movies
a couple months ago.
Must have been a date.
Nobody goes on dates
to the movies anymore.
unless it's playing on your sofa.
and then you only
really watch the first half.
Yeah. well. she likes the movies.
And she kept
the fortune from cookies. too.
She seems... innocent.
Naive.
I wonder who she was.
Is? Was?
Well. she a white girl.
I saw the makeup on the counter in there.
What do you think? Katie?
Mm. Olivia.
I'm thinking early 20s.
Lower middle-class background.
hooking up with her rich roommate.
and thought fucking him was magic.
God. that's sad.
Unless it's not.
♪ Dressing in the hallway
'fore we go to bed ♪
♪ And all we're left with ♪
♪ Singing. praise. echo ♪
♪ All you gave him ♪
♪ Given. taken. breathing ♪
♪ Take all of me ♪
♪ Make all of me quiver ♪
♪ Like I'm broken until we flow together ♪
♪ Please promise me ♪
♪ You'll be with me ♪
♪ All the way we go ♪
♪ Let the water flow together...
When you
are finished recording.
you may hang up
or press one for more options.
Hey. Megan. it's me.
Mom developed an old disposable camera.
and has gone down the rabbit hole.
So give her a call.
all right. Megan?
She told me it's been a while.
Oh...
-Hello.
-Hi.
Right this way.
You okay?
Yes. Sorry.
I think I just need a nap.
So. is this a normal lunch for you
or are you-you trying to impress me?
No. God. no. No. we're slumming it.
I like that dress on you.
Thank you. I think it's from the '90s.
Got it at a swap meet. Is that weird?
No. it just makes me think about
what it's been up to this whole time.
I don't know. I didn't ask
for its résumé when I bought it.
-In 1993...
-Mm.
It went to
a Nirvana concert in Detroit.
'96. uh.
went to Vegas. got married.
And then. uh...
Then it got busted
with ten kilos of cocaine.
-Mm.
-1999.
And then. what happened?
I have no fucking idea.
-Are you two ready?
-Yep.
Very.
-Can we get the check. please?
-Sure thing.
There you go. Yeah.
Could I ask you.
what's with the cash?
Because I've never seen you
-use a credit card.
-It's a mistrust
of the financial industrial complex.
-That's very Amish of you.
-Do you know how much
information that they gather
from your credit card spending?
They know everything about you.
What you're doing.
what you ate. who you're with.
So. what do you do. you keep it
under your mattress?
Not exactly.
You bury it in your yard?
I don't have a yard.
I'm really asking you. what do you do?
I keep all my account information
in a safe place.
I'm not gonna be
an open book to an industry that
doesn't care about anything
other than its own profits.
Hey. I get it.
I mean. I don't want corporate overlords
all up in my business either. so...
Is that why you're not on social media?
Of course I looked.
Not on Instagram. Facebook. TikTok.
-Nothing.
-Yeah. no.
No. I used to be on all that stuff.
but then this guy in Tulsa
stole my sister's identity
and used it to try to buy a car.
So I took myself off of everything
after that.
That's a bit of an extreme reaction
to your sister's bad luck. right?
Yeah. I don' t know. it really
didn't feel like that at the time.
It's not just social media though.
You're not on the Internet at all.
I don't know.
I guess my life's not very notable.
-Can I come see you tonight?
-Not if I see you first.
Let me bring dinner to your place.
Ooh. no!
But your place is so much better.
I don't care. I'm coming over.
Okay.
Come on. get a room.
No...
You're going to get me arrested.
I don't care. I can't help it.
Um. I'll see you at 6:30.
Okay. I'll text you the address.
Okay.
Hey.
-You seen Reardon?
-Back there.
I got something I want to show you.
Fine.
Show me.
Who was that guy down there?
Witness. Lives in The Lofts.
Sells pills to all the tech bros.
I thought it might be an angle.
but it hit a wall.
And how do you know this guy?
I don't.
Eh. 'cause it seemed like you did.
No. it was a tip
from one of the neighbors.
Apartment 33.
Panda pajamas?
She's a-a venture capitalist.
Maybe she can invest in your food truck
for when you move off the grid.
I hate food trucks.
Got a norovirus there one time...
A norovirus from the lobster truck.
Ruined your whole Labor Day weekend.
We know.
Hey. so what do you do for money
when you're lounging around Costa Rica
in your banana hammock?
Costa Rica?
Who said anything
about Costa Rica?
And what about your kid?
You're just gonna leave him here alone
with a broken water heater?
I fixed that water heater.
And I would never leave my kid.
But who gives a fuck about me?
Come. show me your brilliance!
Well. we got this shitty heater
and corrosives.
Like. somebody googled
how to get rid of this guy.
And then. and then it's this.
This. this. this. this...
I mean. we're supposed to think
"fat cat lives here."
But this jacket's
straight out of the dry cleaners.
This scene is staged.
But why. to make it
look like a cartel thing?
Or to screw us
on the identity of the victim.
Make us waste the first two days
trying to find out who he is.
See. we-we got to stop calling him a "he."
He's a soup.
He could be a she. or an intersexual.
I don't know if I can say that.
Hey. hey. don't move.
Why is he here?
-How'd you get in there?
-I walked.
Breathe through your mouth. it's easier.
I don't understand
how you people do this for a living.
We wanted to be douchebag landlords.
but we failed the test.
Give me that. man.
-Is this our tenant?
-Yeah.
Oliver Kennedy.
So very blue blood.
He's month to month.
Kubler Berhane Studios.
That's the owner of this apartment?
Go put this man out of his misery.
All right. you call Kubler Berhane.
-I'll gonna run the ID.
-Okay.
Oh. hey.
Grab me my gummies.
Let's go. skinny jeans.
I couldn't even get those things
around my arms.
-Hi.
-Hey.
Oh. my God. thank you.
These are so beautiful.
Why aren't you saying anything?
About what?
About this place.
I know it's a dump.
My work was just starting and...
it was the only thing
I could find on such short notice...
I don't think this place is a dump.
I li... I like attic apartments.
It's like...
-if the house had a brain.
-Mm-hmm.
This is where it would be.
It'd have to be
a pretty small brain. but...
In real estate terms.
this is called "cozy."
-What did the ad say?
-Mm.
-Quaint.
-Ah.
Close to transportation.
It's better than "unique."
Why. what's "unique"?
Haunted.
What was it that you said about ghosts?
It's the people who are haunted.
not the place?
No. I think you said.
"You can't rule anything out."
Ah. I did say that. didn't I?
You know. I was actually
just thinking about
how we once lived in a house
that I thought was haunted.
I would hear these creaks
in the middle of the night
and this low hum.
like someone was moaning.
My sister said it was all in my head.
but I knew she heard it. too.
Then I thought that it must be
these little glass animals
that my mother collected. coming alive
in the night and running around.
So. I would check in the morning to see
if they'd moved.
One time. I even put a strand of my hair
over the little giraffe
just so I would know.
I-I trust it was still there
-in the morning?
-Yes. it was.
I think I was actually
pretty disappointed.
My house was
kind of lonely growing up.
My sister was never really home.
and my mom was pretty out of it
most of the time.
So. I thought that they would
come find me or something.
Okay. Wait. Hold on.
I really have to pee.
Um... read a book.
I've read this book. Hurry.
I. uh...
-met your friends.
-Oh. yeah.
They like to watch.
Does this bring me joy?
I don't know.
So dump it.
I can't. It's from our wedding.
Okay. then. uh. put it back in the box
and don't think about it.
Mm...
Just don't forget
who he really is.
Oh. it's too late now.
-I don't know what you want me to do.
-You could fire him.
Ollie's good at his job.
I'm not gonna fire him.
And I owe it to his father for investing
in the firm when no other VC
would touch it.
You do not owe him anything.
And that family can't make you complicit
in their cover-up.
Cover-up? Now it's Olivergate?
♪ Our hearts were high.
when the day was young...
What's he been doing
the last few years. anyway?
Hmm? We haven't seen him.
He was in Oakland. working in a big firm.
Hmm. I thought he was in New York.
He was. before. Why's it matter?
Because he moves around every time
the past catches up with him.
He's erratic. Unstable.
Well. not all those who wander are lost.
♪ If you stay...
I can buy you a mug that says that.
Yeah. if you do. I'll throw it away.
♪ Or will be again ♪
♪ We'll sail on the sun ♪
♪ We'll ride on the rain...
This isn't fair...
to us...
-or to your colleagues.
-Just stay out of it. Okay?
♪ I'll understand.
leave me just enough love ♪
♪ To hold in my hand ♪♪
-What's today like?
-Um...
I have some homework to do on the new
fiber-optic retrofit for the library.
Who needs books when you have porn?
Hello?
This is Miss Wyse.
Oh.
Oh. no. I've noticed.
Well. I assume that you're
gonna put me up somewhere.
Okay. well. that's not gonna work.
I signed this lease less than two months
ago. and no one said anything about this.
Can I speak to the owner of the building?
Yeah. please. have her call me. Thank you.
What was that?
I have to leave for three weeks
for some massive extermination.
Are they tenting?
No. it's more than that. they have to
repair the truss. What is a truss?
It's the timber. holds the roof up.
Oh.
You can stay with me.
No. I can't.
Yeah. Yeah. you can stay with me.
I got a whole... I have a whole other room
just sitting there empty.
No.
That's incredibly generous of you. but
I don't think I could ask you to do that.
It's not the end of the world.
I'm gonna be able to figure something out.
It's okay.
Ciara. I want you to.
Come on.
It'll be fun. We can. uh. pretend
that we're an old married couple.
Yeah. yeah.
I can yell at you
for leaving dirty dishes in the sink.
and you can tell me that you're
going to the bar with the girls.
-Stop.
-Yeah. Sounds fun.
It's only three weeks.
I mean. by the time you hate me.
it'll be over.
I'm not gonna hate you.
Then we're good.
No. no. We have a problem
because you can't see me
in my real underwear.
You can. you can only see
my date underwear.
The real problem is
you can't bring underwear.
-I don't have room.
-Okay. well. then
I guess we're fine.
Am I the new Tyler Merkow?
Falling for you too fast?
Oh. yes. You are.
And I'm gonna get you.
Not if I get you first.
Hmm.
♪ The unseen world ♪
♪ The inner bell ♪
♪ In your skull ♪
♪ Howling ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ The unknowable mind ♪
♪ I feel it till it's time ♪
You got a minute. or you late for a date?
So how'd this Hannah
get her hands on your gun?
And believe me. I don't want to know.
It's my job to ask.
It was on my dresser.
I know. I know
I was a careless.
fucking stupid. drunk idiot.
I deserve everything I get.
Make you a deal. I make it go away.
Next time. swipe right.
-You mean left.
-Whatever.
Just go to a bar.
I met my wife at JJ's.
and not once in 22 years
has she stolen my weapon.
Look...
I can't do this anymore.
Fucking strangers?
No. this job.
You know. the constant interaction.
all day. every day.
till a million faces.
they just blur together
to become one big deviant sack of shit.
Meaning what? You're gonna quit?
Did I quit when that Southie punk
stabbed me in the tit?
Resignation unaccepted.
Media relations
needs your face on that brochure.
What's Lee say?
You know her. She acts like nothing even
-gets to her.
-Mm.
I gotta head down to Seaport.
What's going on in Seaport?
Body in a bathtub.
Matter of fact. do you think you could.
uh. run this license plate number?
This guy hangs out down there.
Vice has a flag on him. so I'm locked out.
Will do.
Dead in a tub? You sure it's not an OD?
No. it's ours.
They dissolved the body intentionally.
What. like an old-school mob thing?
Don't know. but this guy
ain't who he says he is.
Are you in a private space?
Yeah. and I'm aware
that anything that I say that
suggests that I may hurt myself
and/or someone else
cannot be kept confidential.
Before we get started. you left me
a pretty intense message the other night.
Yeah. I-I know. I'm sorry.
I called you back. but you didn't
answer and didn't return.
Uh. I was at work.
Oliver. if you leave me
a distress call after hours.
it's important we touch base the next day.
Someone left me an envelope
with my name on it.
I guess they were just testing...
to-to see if I'm Oliver St. Ledger.
Interesting.
Who do you think might have done that?
I have no fucking idea. Dan.
Uh. that's why I'm freaking out.
I shouldn't have...
I should've thrown it away. I should've...
Let's think that through.
Who knows you're living in Boston now?
Uh. you. the family. Elliot Berhane.
You haven't told anyone else?
No.
Any new friends?
Yes.
Yes. Okay.
Um. I was meaning to tell you this.
I met someone.
I know it's too soon.
but she's nice and smart and funny. and...
Where did you meet?
Grocery store near my office.
Uh. we...
I saw her in there a couple of times.
We were talking.
Um...
Her name's Ciara. and it's fine.
Okay? Don't worry.
I haven't told her anything.
What do you mean by that?
I mean. I haven't
told her anything about myself
that isn't surface level.
I'm new to the city.
I'm working at an architecture firm.
I'm an insomniac.
So. you're sleeping together.
Yeah. we're adults.
Okay. so. your plan is to engage
in a physically intimate relationship
while keeping your emotional connection
entirely superficial.
People do it all the time.
Yeah. maybe.
But we're talking about you.
I know how lonely you are.
but don't you think
it's more important to protect yourself?
If the answer's yes.
you need to get rid of that letter
and break it off. Now.
Before you do something you'll regret.
You want to start
bringing over your stuff tonight?
Where the hell have you been?
I'm so sorry.
I've been totally slammed.
Um. I tried to call mom
but she's not picking up.
Yeah. hold on.
Hey. Mom.
talk to Megan.
Oh.
Hey. baby.
Hi. Mom. How's it going?
Oh. typical shit.
Hey. honey. will you get me
another one of those beers?
Oh. did your sister tell you?
Oh.
The house you grew up in
belongs to the bank.
It's official.
You got the notice?
In the mail.
Next week. it goes
in the fucking newspaper.
Okay. well. Mom. listen.
I mean. you still have time. right?
We have 30 days
to respond.
And tell them what?
I don't have the money.
and I can barely keep my phone on.
much less pay 120 days back due.
Plus. the gas company doubled rates
across the whole county.
You know. if your father paid
half of what he owed when he left.
we would not be in this position.
we would not have to sell.
Hey. I really can't talk
about Dad right now. okay?
Listen. how much
do you need for the house?
$42 million.
Okay. I'm being serious.
What do you need? Like. five grand?
Something like that. I lost track.
Okay. well. tell the bank
that you're gonna have that this month.
But I won't.
so why would I tell them that?
Yes. you will. I will.
I mean. I-I think I might even be able
to send you ten by then.
Where you gonna get that kind of money?
I just said work's going really good.
Not ten grand good.
For data entry?
Yeah. it's a big tech company.
It's a lot of hours.
Are you still there?
Yeah.
I just don't know what you're up to.
but it sounds like trouble.
Don't you trust me?
Hell no.
No. I never have.
You remember
when you stole that guinea pig from church
and I found it in your dresser drawer?
That's when I knew
I have a little freak on my hands.
People owe us for what they put us
through. and I'm making them pay. okay?
And that's really
all you need to know right now.
Who?
Who are you talking about?
Uh. Mom. I got to go
because my bus is here. but...
keep this conversation between us. okay?
I really mean it.
Hey. I...
I don't like this. Megan Ann.
Yeah? Well. you will when the bills are
paid. so stop packing and call the bank.
-I love you.
-I love you. too.
Elliot Berhane?
Yeah. You the detective?
Lee Reardon. I'm really sorry to hear
about your wife's accident.
It still seems so. uh... unreal.
I'm sorry it's not a better time.
I need to ask you about Oliver Kennedy.
He lived in your company's apartment?
He worked for you?
Yeah. Um...
I haven't been in the office
for a couple of weeks.
Did. uh. something happen to him?
Not necessarily. A body was found
-in the apartment.
-Company apartment?
Apartment 11. That's...
that's all I can say right now.
Can you think of anyone
who would want to hurt Oliver?
Of course not. He's a good guy.
Tell me what you know about him.
When did you hire him?
Uh... a couple months ago.
We needed a new technologist.
and he was good.
Hmm.
When did you last see him?
When I-I ran into him at the park
on the pier a couple Saturdays ago.
Um... We said hi. That's it.
And then you just stopped coming to work?
I guess so.
Uh. who lived here with him?
No one that I know of.
I mean. I've got my mind on other things.
Okay. um...
What if I told you that
I just got the results back
from a bottle of medication
we found in the apartment.
It's a sedative called propofol.
It was stolen from a hospital.
It may have been used in this crime.
and if the victim isn't Oliver.
then Oliver may still be
out there somewhere.
Alive and in trouble.
Mr. Berhane. I need your help. so does he.
Okay. um...
I didn't run into him in the park.
He asked me to meet him.
He had something he needed to say.
Um. uh... Detective Connolly. You are?
Elliot Berhane. Oliver Kennedy's boss.
Mr. Berhane was telling me
about the last time they saw each other.
That's all I know.
No. you were in the middle of saying
Oliver called you to meet.
That-That's not what I meant.
-It's what you said.
-Y-You do know that
Oliver Kennedy isn't his real name. right?
I mean. it's on his ID.
but the person never even existed
till December of last year.
I don't know where
you're getting this information.
Great state of Massachusetts
Registry of Motor Vehicles. man.
Well. I-I don't. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Mm... Yeah. you-you do.
I... 'Cause I can tell.
Karl.
Mr. Berhane's wife
recently passed in an accident.
and he's under a considerable amount
of stress.
Oh. Yeah. Hmm.
We are sure it was an accident though?
- Sorry. my partner...
Karl. what are you saying?
-What are you trying to say?
No. I do mean to imply.
He lied to the cops about that.
So maybe he's lying about this.
-All right. forget it. I'm done.
-Listen.
-I'm not.
-Don't.
-Hey. who do you think I am?
Some cracked-out dirtbag
like the people you usually deal with?
I don't mean to laugh. but you said
"crack." No one smokes crack anymore.
-That's it.
-Mr. Berhane. you don't want to do it.
-Let go. Stop.
-I will fucking sue you!
-Go nuts.
-Mr. Berhane. Mr. Berhane. stop.
What the fuck?
He just lied. like. five times in a row!
I'll be here waiting.
Right here.
You think?
You never know.
Um. I'll try not to bother you
if I get up in the middle of the night.
Yeah. I really hope
you can get some sleep tonight.
What's tomorrow?
Uh...
uh. dot the i's on the library project.
Um...
got to prep for the presentation
at the bank.
Mm.
You sound so excited.
I don't know. Network design is...
It's tedious.
I'm debating about six wires
or eight wires.
It's just... It's hard to care. you know?
You know. I never asked you this. but what
made you get into architectural technology
to begin with?
I don't know. I-I sort of fell into it.
I didn't know
what I was gonna do with my life.
I mean. when I was younger.
I was sure that I was gonna be
an astronaut.
-Mm. mm!
-Yeah.
A fucking astronaut.
It's just so laughable.
I don't think so.
-Yes. it is.
-Aw.
I think you definitely have
the right stuff.
Well. apparently I don't.
I was planning to get a degree
in STEM of some kind.
minor in astronomy. but. um...
But what?
I just sort of...
shifted into this.
Maybe I was never meant
to wear the meatball after all.
What's the meatball?
The meatball.
On the spacesuit.
It's been the logo forever.
I've never heard anyone call it
a meatball.
What are you... That's...
Everyone calls it the meatball.
What do you call it?
I don't know. I call it nothing.
How do you... Sorry.
how do you not know about this?
It's a bas... it's a basic fact.
Of course I know the fucking meatball.
Huh.
-Good.
-You sound scary.
You should have seen your face.
Who do you think I am?
Can I go take a bath?
Yeah. Of course.
I'm really tired.
Are you tired?
Good night.
♪ I'm lost and I'm lonely ♪
♪ I hunger for you only ♪
♪ In heaven. lost my taste for hell ♪
♪ Taste for. taste for ♪
♪ Into the wild ♪
♪ Into the wild with me ♪
♪ Into the wild ♪♪